PROFILE SECTION


Form Box
  


1) Change: Canonical profile to PawParent Profile 
2) Save profile option is great but edit pencil icon should be there so people know thats how they can update/edit details

Address Box
  

After the address was updated - it is getting recorded twice. 
Appearance Option Box


  

This is Excellent - Just alignment issue - Keep all options uniform in 3 by 2 buttons layout. Ocean premium is non aligned


  

Nice option - Lets keep this as well.




Layout Appearance Option
1. Professional
  


1) The upper section can be shown as an ad banner section - this needs to be more engaging and attractive in terms of the running offer of the day. Carousel - 4 options
2) The search bar is not needed as the icons offering all services are just a scroll down. It takes up unnecessary space.
3) What maya need today can be like in 1 line (your family pet) is not needed and space also not be wasted. 
Example 
  

1. Placement of Oak B1504 Ad sponsored - we can have Maya’s Home
2. Just search icon function
3. Message inbox (to connect with more pet parents)
4. Pic for profile


  



1. The payout needs rework - looks boring and too plain for this professional version.
2. At home Vet services should be last option (9th service)
3. Care for little need - instead of this - Highlight everything your pet needs, in one happy place. 
4. Service        Supporting content
Grooming        Professional grooming at home
Training        Positive training at home
Boarding        Home stays, never kennels
Pet Sitting        Trusted care in your home
Pet Taxi        Safe & comfy pet rides
Dog Walking        Fun, safe daily walks
Fresh Meals        Healthy meals, freshly made
Pet Relocation        National & international relocation


Care Guide Section
  

1. This section is not great in utility terms 
2. We need to make the section interactive and engagement oriented 
Ad post banner - to show 4 options
3. Ticker section banner - moving to show 4 options
4. View your bookings banner to be shown


Bottom Navigation Tabs
  



Home 
My Bookings  
Community (for parents to share posts/blogs/awareness) and ads to increase DAU/MAU (Stickiness) (daily or monthly active users)
Chat 
Profile


GROOMING SECTION
  

Rather than pet type - Pet names must be shown for multiple pets 
For single pet - no need to show this part


  

Similarly this seems repetitive and taking space.. We can avoid additional steps 

Keep it simple 
1) Select Pet name (pet profile can be added separately)
2) Choose a plan
Let try to keep minimal steps 
A) Pet B) Plan C) Slot and Date - BOOK


















PLAN LAYOUT
  


Can we have a better way to show
  



  



Inclusions and not inclusion tab is good for plan preview

Quick comparison doesnt give exact comparison so we need better comparison or not have that section all together

SUbscription plan - TOO Boarding and attractive 
Way to much content with out any direction or clarity.






  





  

Pets Back button not needed - customer should be able to slide the screen back completely back and forth


FUNCTIONALITY TEST


   1. If pet details ae added post selecting plan, the page revisits to select plan once again.
   2. Pet detailed added in plan is not added in pet module - example i added Evy But it was not showing under my pets.
   3. The pet DOB selection to adjust the Age in years which is not the case. Example i mentioned pet age to be 1 years and then selected DOB 2 years back - this should have updated the correct age rather than accepting
   4. Address map should be there - should auto locate geo location than the verify option.
   5. Date and Time slot need better UI
   6. Preferred groomer option must be shown in respective area and then date time slot should be shared so that people can select as per groomer preference.
   7. Verify Map and then verify address again both options are not working - bug
   8. Groomer selection should also reflect in 1st booking else customers wont discover this comfort.
   9. No of bookings and reviews can be added with service pics for people to check and book
   10. When selecting the pet - Evy option is only displaying and not other pets… 
   11. When u click on home screen and then pet grooming - only Evy pet name showing that was added under plans not pets updated in pet module
   12. Multiple times asking to select plan and verify address again - this should not happen
   13. The oage is going on circle between plan selection and pet selection but going to payment page. True for all plans
   14. Subscription plns also same.